README.md, before:

# Towards Issue Change Impact Prediction -- Replication Package

## Table of Contents

- [Extensions](docs/extensions.md)


## Directory Structure

### `results` Directory

Contains the raw results of all experiments.

- `results/ir-1`: Contains the results for tuning the formatting handling
- `results/ir-2`: Contains the results for tuning the remainder of the preprocessing
- `results/ir-3`: Contains the results for the actual experiments presented in the paper

### `tuning` Directory

Containt the tables summarising the results for the tuning of the formatting handling and preprocessing. Specifically:

- [`tuning/formatting.md`](tuning/formatting.md): Contains the results for tuning the formatting handling
- [`tuning/preprocessing.md`](tuning/preprocessing.md): Contains the results for tuning the other preprocessing steps

### `analysis` Directory

Contains the statistical analysis for the results presented in the paper.

- [`analysis/identifier-count`](analysis/identifier-count): Contains the results for the identifier count analysis. It contains a breakdown of the number of identifiers per issue type (over all projects), and by project (over all issue types). For both, we provide a box plot, and the results of a statistical analysis using Kruskal-Wallis and Conover's Post-Hoc test.

- [`analysis/rq-1/performance.md`](analysis/rq-1/performance.md): Contains the results for RQ 1 (performance). Contains both tables included in the paper, as well as the results for the `Lower, Stemming, Sub Tokens` option.

- [`analysis/rq-2/uncontrolled`](analysis/rq-2/uncontrolled): Contains various results for RQ 2. One directory contains the results for the methods without sub-tokens; the other contains the results for the methods with sub-tokens. Each directory contains bar charts showing the performance of each method for each separate issue type (`<METHOD>_specific.png`) and with each specific issue type held out (`<METHOD>_holdout.png`). The `tables.md` file contains the results of the Kruskal-Wallis test (for difference between issue types) for each method. The `pairwise.md` file contains the results of Conover's Post-Hoc test for difference between the individual issue types.

Commit message:

Add more supplementary reading material

README.md, after:

# Towards Issue Change Impact Prediction -- Replication Package

## Supplementary Reading

- [Extensions](docs/extensions.md)
- [Regexes for Identifiers and File Names](docs/regexes.md)
- [Issue Type Details](docs/issue_types.md)


## Directory Structure

### `results` Directory

Contains the raw results of all experiments.

- `results/ir-1`: Contains the results for tuning the formatting handling
- `results/ir-2`: Contains the results for tuning the remainder of the preprocessing
- `results/ir-3`: Contains the results for the actual experiments presented in the paper

### `tuning` Directory

Containt the tables summarising the results for the tuning of the formatting handling and preprocessing. Specifically:

- [`tuning/formatting.md`](tuning/formatting.md): Contains the results for tuning the formatting handling
- [`tuning/preprocessing.md`](tuning/preprocessing.md): Contains the results for tuning the other preprocessing steps

### `analysis` Directory

Contains the statistical analysis for the results presented in the paper.

- [`analysis/identifier-count`](analysis/identifier-count): Contains the results for the identifier count analysis. It contains a breakdown of the number of identifiers per issue type (over all projects), and by project (over all issue types). For both, we provide a box plot, and the results of a statistical analysis using Kruskal-Wallis and Conover's Post-Hoc test.

- [`analysis/rq-1/performance.md`](analysis/rq-1/performance.md): Contains the results for RQ 1 (performance). Contains both tables included in the paper, as well as the results for the `Lower, Stemming, Sub Tokens` option.

- [`analysis/rq-2/uncontrolled`](analysis/rq-2/uncontrolled): Contains various results for RQ 2. One directory contains the results for the methods without sub-tokens; the other contains the results for the methods with sub-tokens. Each directory contains bar charts showing the performance of each method for each separate issue type (`<METHOD>_specific.png`) and with each specific issue type held out (`<METHOD>_holdout.png`). The `tables.md` file contains the results of the Kruskal-Wallis test (for difference between issue types) for each method. The `pairwise.md` file contains the results of Conover's Post-Hoc test for difference between the individual issue types.
