tuning/formatting.md, before:

| Metric       | Raw              | No Formatting    | No Blocks | Replace Blocks |
|--------------|------------------|------------------|-----------|----------------|
| Precision@1  | <ins>0.315</ins> | <ins>0.315</ins> | 0.301     | 0.301          |
| Precision@5  | <ins>0.155</ins> | <ins>0.155</ins> | 0.151     | 0.151          |
| Precision@10 | <ins>0.107</ins> | <ins>0.107</ins> | 0.105     | 0.105          |
| hit@5        | <ins>0.558</ins> | <ins>0.558</ins> | 0.542     | 0.542          |
| hit@10       | <ins>0.661</ins> | <ins>0.661</ins> | 0.648     | 0.648          |
| Recall@1     | <ins>0.189</ins> | <ins>0.189</ins> | 0.180     | 0.180          |
| Recall@5     | <ins>0.388</ins> | <ins>0.388</ins> | 0.376     | 0.376          |
| Recall@10    | <ins>0.487</ins> | <ins>0.487</ins> | 0.476     | 0.476          |
| r-Precision  | <ins>0.265</ins> | 0.264            | 0.255     | 0.256          |
| MRR          | <ins>0.430</ins> | <ins>0.430</ins> | 0.416     | 0.417          |

Commit message:

Document results for RQ 1 and RQ 2

tuning/formatting.md, after:

# Results for Tuning the Formatting Handling

This tables presented averages over all methods + projects.

Highest performing method per metric (row) is underlined.

*Raw* and *No Formatting* are similar, but *Raw* is technically better due to its superior performance in terms of r-Precision.

| Metric       | Raw              | No Formatting    | No Blocks | Replace Blocks |
|--------------|------------------|------------------|-----------|----------------|
| Precision@1  | <ins>0.315</ins> | <ins>0.315</ins> | 0.301     | 0.301          |
| Precision@5  | <ins>0.155</ins> | <ins>0.155</ins> | 0.151     | 0.151          |
| Precision@10 | <ins>0.107</ins> | <ins>0.107</ins> | 0.105     | 0.105          |
| hit@5        | <ins>0.558</ins> | <ins>0.558</ins> | 0.542     | 0.542          |
| hit@10       | <ins>0.661</ins> | <ins>0.661</ins> | 0.648     | 0.648          |
| Recall@1     | <ins>0.189</ins> | <ins>0.189</ins> | 0.180     | 0.180          |
| Recall@5     | <ins>0.388</ins> | <ins>0.388</ins> | 0.376     | 0.376          |
| Recall@10    | <ins>0.487</ins> | <ins>0.487</ins> | 0.476     | 0.476          |
| r-Precision  | <ins>0.265</ins> | 0.264            | 0.255     | 0.256          |
| MRR          | <ins>0.430</ins> | <ins>0.430</ins> | 0.416     | 0.417          |
